# Eon Ezy Terms & Conditions

<h2>General</h2>
The Application provides access to an online platform (“Platform”) bringing together consumers, financial institutions, data partners and other partners willing to abide by the Terms and Conditions herein. Eon Ezy is merely a facilitator providing the Platform for any Person in need of financial products such as consumers, financial institutions, data partners and other partners, etc., including connecting Users for assistance regarding financial products. Eon Ezy merely facilitates a transaction between two such persons.

<h2>Eligibility</h2>
The User of this Application unequivocally declares and agrees that the User is a natural and legal person who has attained the age of at least 18 years and is legally allowed to enter a contract in Malaysia. The User can utilise the services of the Website in accordance with the terms and conditions detailed hereinafter. In case, we choose not to charge any fee for the services provided in the Application, by registering on the Application, the User hereby undertakes to agree and abide by the Terms and Conditions detailed hereinafter. If the User violates any of these Terms and Conditions, or otherwise violate an agreement entered into through the medium of the Application, we may terminate the User’s membership, delete his/her profile and any content or information posted online by the User on the Website and/or prohibit the User from using or accessing the Platform through the Application at any time in its sole discretion, with or without notice, including without limitation if it believes that you are under 18 years of age.

<h2>Acceptance of Terms & Conditions</h2>
As a User of this Application, you have agreed to the Terms and Conditions that we have provided hereunder or anywhere else on this Application including but not limited to disclaimers on this Application.You are advised to read and understand the said Terms and Conditions and in case you do not wish to agree to these Terms and Conditions, please refrain from using this Applcation.The Application is an online platform providing Users registered on the Application with access to the database of the Users. We are a service provider facilitating the access of a person in need of borrowing. The final decision in regards to borrowing is also subject to the choice of the respective Users in their respective capacities as borrowers of other financial products. Furthermore, we provide support to the Users in verifying the financial capabilities of Users. We reserve the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms and Conditions, at any time without any prior written notice to the User. It is the User’s responsibility to review these Terms and Conditions periodically for any updates/changes. User’s continued use of the Application following the posting of changes will mean that the User has accepted and agreed to the revisions.

<h2>Monitoring of the Application & Your Account</h2>
We collect information from your device in some cases. The information will be utilized for the provision of better service and to prevent fraudulent acts. Additionally, such information will not include that which will identify the individual user.

<h2>Licence & App access</h2>
Eon Ezy grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Application, but not to download any material from it (Other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Eon Ezy and/or its affiliates, as may be applicable. Any unauthorised access to the Application or any networks, servers or computer systems connected to Application and any attempt to modify, adapt, translate or reverse engineer any part of the Application or re-format or frame any portion of the pages of the Application, save to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions, is not permitted. This license is non-transferable and does not permit any resale or commercial use of this Application or its contents, any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of anyone other than your use, or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This Application or any portion of the Website (Including but not limited to any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information) may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, distributed or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Eon Ezy and/or its affiliates, as may be applicable. Any unauthorised use of the Application shall terminate the permission or revoke the license granted by Eon Ezy.


<h2>Limitation of liability and Disclaimer of Warranties</h2>
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither Eon Ezy nor its affiliated companies, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees or any related party shall have any liability to you or to any third party for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or relating to these terms and conditions.To the maximum extent permitted by law, you waive, release, discharge and hold harmless Eon Ezy, its affiliated and subsidiary companies, and each of their directors, officers, employees, and agents, from any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses and causes of action arising out of your use of the Application. As a User you also acknowledge that we have maintained and carried out all possible checks and balances to assure the credibility of the Users as listed on the Platform. The information provided on the Application is based on the information that is provided to us. In case the User does not disclose any information to us, and the same is not found out at the first instance by us despite all measures adopted to certify the ratings or credibility of a User, we shall not be responsible for any claims or liabilities. We shall not be responsible for any default on behalf of the User. We are an information platform and the User is entitled to conduct its own diligence before taking any steps to initiate the processes outlined in the Application. Eon Ezy makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, current-ness and/or timeliness of any content, information, software, text, graphics, links or communications provided on or through the use of the Application or that the operation of the Application will be error free and/or uninterrupted. Consequently, we assume no liability whatsoever for any monetary or other damage suffered by you on account of the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Application and/or any interruption or errors in the operation of the Application. This limitation of liability clause shall prevail over any conflicting or inconsistent provision contained in any of the documents/content comprising these Terms and Conditions. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.


<h2>Indenmnity</h2>
You agree to indemnify, save, and hold Eon Ezy, its affiliates, contractors, employees, officers, directors, agents and its third-party associates, licensors, and partners harmless from any and all claims, demands, losses, damages, and liabilities, costs and expenses, including without limitation legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to your use or misuse of the services or of the Application, any violation by you of these Terms and Conditions, or any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by you herein or your infringement of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity, or as a result of any threatening, libelous, obscene, harassing or offensive material posted/ transmitted by you on the Application. Eon Ezy reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, including rights to settle, and you agree to cooperate with our defense and settlement of these claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any claim, action, or proceeding brought by a third party that is subject to the foregoing indemnification upon becoming aware of it. This paragraph shall survive termination of these Terms and Conditions.

<h2>Grievances</h2>
Users have complete authority to file a complaint/share feedback if they are disappointed by services rendered by Eon Ezy. They can give their complaint/feedback in writing or by way of an email to eonezy999@gmail.com.

<h2>Applicable laws</h2>
Your use of this Application and any Term and Conditions stated in this policy is subject to laws of Malaysia. In case of any disputes arising out of the use of the Application, Courts of Malaysia will have exclusive jurisdiction.

<h2>Advertisers/Third-Party Links on the Application</h2>
Eon Ezy accepts no responsibility for advertisements contained within the Application. We have no control over and accept no responsibility for the content of any website or mobile application to which a link from the Website exists. Such linked websites and mobile applications are provided “as is” for User’s convenience only with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them. We do not provide any endorsement or recommendation of any third-party website or mobile application to which the Application provides a link.

<h2>Disclaimer of Warranties</h2>
You expressly understand and agree that:
Your use of the service and all information, products and other content (Including that of third parties) included in or accessible from the service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Company and service provider expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind as to the service and all information, products and other content (Including that of third parties) included in or accessible from the service, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.

<h2>Limitation of Liability</h2>
You agree that neither company or service provider nor any of their affiliates, account providers or any of their affiliates will be liable for any harms, which lawyers and courts often call direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, even if company or service provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages, resulting from : 
(i)The use or the inability to use the service.
(ii)The cost of getting substitute goods and services.
(iii)Any products, data, information or services purchased or obtained, or messages received, or transactions entered, through or from the service.
(iv)Unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions or data.
(v)Statements or conduct of anyone on the service.
(vi)The use, inability to use, unauthorised use, performance or non-performance of any third-party account provider site, even if the provider has been advised previously of the possibility of such damages. (vii)Any other matter relating to the service.

<h2>Documents Policy</h2>
Eon Ezy does not return any customer documents including but not limited to IDs, Address proofs, and photographs. Eon Ezy may disclose the customer information/documents to credit agencies/bureaus, or any other financial institution/third party that may need the information as deemed necessary by Eon Ezy/any other regulatory/legal authority. In this regard, customers waive the privilege of privacy.

<h2>Contact Us</h2>
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.<p>
Contact Information:<p>
Email: eonezy999@gmail.com
